README.md, before:

# Dracula Steam skin

#### by Trollwut

## Description

We all agree that the [Dracula color scheme](https://github.com/dracula/dracula-theme#color-palette) looks freaking awesome. Unfortunatelly there hasn't been a fitting Steam skin.
That's why I created one with the Dracula color scheme and the help of [Steam Customizer](http://steamcustomizer.com/) :)

## Preview

Here is the little preview thumb that Steam Customizer gave me:

![thumbnail](./thumb.jpg)

And here it is in action in a i3 environment:

![in action](./dracula-steam-skin.png)

## How to install

### Linux

If you use the best OS available, the installation can be very easy. Please check beforehand, if the mentioned Steam folder is existing (it should be on every distribution, but you can never be sure).
Use the terminal, Luke:

1. `cd ~/.local/share/Steam/skins/ && git clone https://github.com/Trollwut/Dracula-by-Trollwut.git`
2. open Steam and go to `Steam -> Settings -> Preferences` and open the section `Interface`
3. select the skin `Dracula-by-Trollwut` and restart Skin, done!

### Windows

You have two option on how to do that:

1. **(recommended)** download the [Steam customizer tool](http://steamcustomizer.com/download) and download [my skin](http://editor.steamcustomizer.com/anqbr). Open the skin file with the tool and that should be it
2. see the [do it yourself section](#any-other-platform--do-it-yourself)

### Any (other) platform / do it yourself

This would be the same for any operating system:

1. download or clone this repository
2. extract (if downloaded compressed)
3. move the extracted folder into your Steam skin folder (which is in the Steam base folder)
4. open Steam and go to `Steam -> Settings -> Preferences` and open the section `Interface`
5. select the skin `Dracula-by-Trollwut` and restart Skin, done!

## TODO

- [ ] adjust background color in friends and chat windows
- [ ] take in more colors, as it's a bit pink-heavy right now

TBH I don't think that I'll do these adjustments. If I'd be a style guru, I wouldn't have needed Steam Customizer at all.
But **you** are invited to take your hands on that skin and change it. Be sure to tell me how to edit it to be more Dracula-awesome or make a pull request. :)

Commit message:

added opendesktop.org link to ZIP file

README.md, after:

# Dracula Steam skin

#### by Trollwut

## Description

We all agree that the [Dracula color scheme](https://github.com/dracula/dracula-theme#color-palette) looks freaking awesome. Unfortunatelly there hasn't been a fitting Steam skin.
That's why I created one with the Dracula color scheme and the help of [Steam Customizer](http://steamcustomizer.com/) :)

## Preview

Here is the little preview thumb that Steam Customizer gave me:

![thumbnail](./thumb.jpg)

And here it is in action in a i3 environment:

![in action](./dracula-steam-skin.png)

## How to install

### Linux

If you use the best OS available, the installation can be very easy. Please check beforehand, if the mentioned Steam folder is existing (it should be on every distribution, but you can never be sure).
Use the terminal, Luke:

1. `cd ~/.local/share/Steam/skins/ && git clone https://github.com/Trollwut/Dracula-by-Trollwut.git`
2. open Steam and go to `Steam -> Settings -> Preferences` and open the section `Interface`
3. select the skin `Dracula-by-Trollwut` and restart Skin, done!

**or download the already ZIPed version here: [opendesktop.org/p/1212225/](https://www.opendesktop.org/p/1212225/)**

### Windows

You have two option on how to do that:

1. **(recommended)** download the [Steam customizer tool](http://steamcustomizer.com/download) and download [my skin](http://editor.steamcustomizer.com/anqbr). Open the skin file with the tool and that should be it
2. see the [do it yourself section](#any-other-platform--do-it-yourself)

### Any (other) platform / do it yourself

This would be the same for any operating system:

1. download or clone this repository
2. extract (if downloaded compressed)
3. move the extracted folder into your Steam skin folder (which is in the Steam base folder)
4. open Steam and go to `Steam -> Settings -> Preferences` and open the section `Interface`
5. select the skin `Dracula-by-Trollwut` and restart Skin, done!

**or download the already ZIPed version here: [opendesktop.org/p/1212225/](https://www.opendesktop.org/p/1212225/)**

## TODO

- [ ] adjust background color in friends and chat windows
- [ ] take in more colors, as it's a bit pink-heavy right now

TBH I don't think that I'll do these adjustments. If I'd be a style guru, I wouldn't have needed Steam Customizer at all.
But **you** are invited to take your hands on that skin and change it. Be sure to tell me how to edit it to be more Dracula-awesome or make a pull request. :)
